[toolchain] Harden installation failure handling and RapidJSON CMake support (#7583)
deepmodeling/abacus-develop: CMakeLists.txt

# enable json support
if(ENABLE_RAPIDJSON)
  include(cmake/AbacusRapidJSON.cmake)
  abacus_configure_rapidjson(abacus_external_deps)

> endif()

Reviewer: This breaks the modernlized target behavior and will most likely bring only issues.

Author: Addressed. The fallback path was dropped; `ENABLE_RAPIDJSON` now requires the exported `RapidJSON` target and links it through `abacus_external_deps`.

# enable json support
if(ENABLE_RAPIDJSON)
  find_package(RapidJSON CONFIG REQUIRED)
  if(NOT TARGET RapidJSON)

>     message(FATAL_ERROR "RapidJSON package configuration did not define the RapidJSON target")

Reviewer: Also, we can make message clearer:
```suggestion
    message(
      FATAL_ERROR
      "RapidJSON was found, but target RapidJSON is missing. Check if your RapidJSON installation provides a complete exported CMake configuration."
    )
```

Author: Applied in `10f35c561`.
